#summary If you are testing a release, please ensure this is all done

= Introduction =

This is a checklist of all the things we should check before releasing a version of code as "Stable"

= Details =

== Installation ==
Via Bluetooth, Infrared, Cable or OTA - does the application install properly and without errors? You will get the default security warnings, this is expected normal behaviour.

== First Run ==
Does the application start properly?
Loading... splash screen displayed, and then shows Accounts/Profiles page?
menu and quit options in the correct location for your handset (left menu, right quit on Nokia)

Quit the application - does it exit gracefully?

Restart then go to:

Menu -> New - Displays new profile page with sensible default values?

== Google Talk ==
Add your google talk account using non-SSL with port 5222, does it connect ok?
Make a note of connection type: GPRS, 3/3.5G, Wifi etc
Send a message to a contact and get a reply to ensure two-way traffic is working

Exit the application and restart it, then edit the profile and change to SSL with port 5223. Reconnect and test sending a message again. If the profile has vanished, you have a problem with the record store and this is a reportable bug! It shouldn't happen though! ;-)

Leave connected for at least a few minutes, preferably 15-30 mins to ensure the keepalive is working ok.

Does your buddy list load as expected, including Show/hide offline?
Does the application hide (switch to the background) successfully using the hide option?
